cpu:  conditional use of rbp in brgemm primitives (#4196)
oneapi-src/oneDNN: doc/build/build_options.md

| ONEDNN_ENABLE_PRIMITIVE_GPU_ISA | **ALL**, GPU_ISA_NAME                               | Specifies a set of functionality to be available for GPU backend based on GPU ISA                                  |
| ONEDNN_ENABLE_GEMM_KERNELS_ISA  | **ALL**, NONE, ISA_NAME                             | Specifies a set of functionality to be available for GeMM kernels for CPU backend based on ISA                     |
| ONEDNN_EXPERIMENTAL             | ON, **OFF**                                         | Enables [experimental features](@ref dev_guide_experimental)                                                       |

> | ONEDNN_SAFE_RBP                 | ON, **OFF**                                         | Makes RBP register untouchable in JIT kernels to allow stack unwind                                                |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| ONEDNN_SAFE_RBP                 | ON, **OFF**                                         | Enables restriction for JIT kernels to pollute RBP vector register content                                         |
```

-DONEDNN_ENABLE_GEMM_KERNELS_ISA=AVX2
```

#### ONEDNN_SAFE_RBP
Supported exclusively on x64 CPU architectures for BRGEMM-based primitives.

> When enabled ("ON"), this control ensures that JIT-generated kernels preserve

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When enabled (`ON`), this control ensures that JIT-generated kernels preserve
```
